In this lecture, we will see how to create the record industrial table using spinning data arrest.
So the theme you are able use OK, that is provided by spring guitarist.
That is less students, OK?
The more decide.
We are not getting the student by it.
OK, Jane, these two had to be pushed and we need to pass the details in the apartment of Jason.
OK.
That is basically what expelled student leaders.
So let me copy this, OK?
We don't need to pass the ID of its value body.
Come down.
OK, roll.
Select the Jason.
And.
So, for example, first name Peter.
OK.
Mark, see, for example, email Peter D.M. dot com, that's it, took it over.
Springwood application is already running and in the database.
As of now, we have two records.
Let's call this post-debate.
We got the success responsi.
It's equal to four.
And this details we can verify in the database.
See these records got inserted into this Brundibar, OK, where it equal to for first name Peter Mark,
Peter, D.M. dot com.
OK, this is the Post API.
Obviously, we don't have a controller.
OK, now just compare with the manual one, OK that we have done in one of the previous lectures.
This one, see, we have the controller mapping.
We are calling the zero matter.
But here we don't need to do anything.
And that's the beauty of spring data.
Rest.
So enjoy this and I will see you in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.